hello my name is Dave with Mountain
Wynyard the slide show that you will see
shortly will show you the ease of
installation and simply of the mountain
when yours the Assembly of the mountain
Wynyard is extremely easy
the kid has everything in it that you
need to put it up fast and efficiently
with just two to three
you can have it up and livable within
four to five hours all you need is a
level area some gravels and twenty-one
concrete blocks to set the floor hands
on
this is a yearning exceptional value
because everything is included in one
package the installation comes with a
package as well as all the rafters steel
compression rings the roof itself the
hard cedar siding a steel compression
rings all the lazy floor pans one door
and one window the size is available
right now are in a 12 foot diameter
which you see behind me and also a six
foot diameter with a wall option of six
or seven feet
sonson
- a doll